here we have an hour reg I'm not sure it
was in 97 and 98 I'll clarify that in
the description Land Rover Freelander
1.8 a petrol 5-door I have to say it's
one of them basis fifteen-year-old three
Landers that I've seen six former
keepers was taken in part exchange by D
LED that I buy a lot of cars off as you
can see by many other cars it's not the
type of car that I would normally go for
the mLT's just run out and so has the
tax so basically selling for spares a
repair it's definitely not good not bad
enough to scrap but there again it's a
fifteen year old vehicle so you can
decide the price the only thing I can
see it wants the MLT is this a bad crack
on the windscreen so for win for penalty
purposes it definitely needs a front
windscreen all four tires two rear tires
are very good I'd say the Front's are
getting Li are legal but getting close
to the limit have you said that the
Spurs good so you could probably get
away with one tire the bottom would
there's no roost
it's just incredible no ripples now in
the paint way down the sidewalk these
super fuzzy a couple of tiny little
dimples and I mean being super fussy for
a 15 year old Land Rover that's the
worst dimple that's the only way to
explain it the dimple angle everything
works seats fold down all nice and dandy
everything works as it should do the
interior is beautiful a little bit of a
light staining just a shampoo and a bit
of a light wash would know on the rear
seat that's about it I've never seen Cu
so nice the ship carpets alike you
obviously had over mats fitted a seat
not a mark on it all the interior is
beautiful
it'd make a great donor vehicle nice
top-of-the-range pioneer CD player I
think as the faceoff function is most of
these benefit there we go let's start it
up start up on the bottom hundred
fourteen thousand miles all the lights
go as this shoot electric windows
working no problem
rear window looking I'll say everything
works tight incredible really for
fifteen your Land Rover that trip
mirrors all working wipers the bonnet
it's got full service history up so
about ninety thousand or so even the
remote rocking works all the central
locking works all four doors I've drove
this thirty mile back on the motorway at
speed there's no sign of the common
fault is that head gasket and water
killed in problems there was no pressure
in there no cup oil contamination in
there the oils nice and clean with no
water contamination there's ninety one
thousand five hundred and ninety world
tippex on the timing belt cover so I
assume that's when it's had a new timing
belt and a head gasket you can make your
own mind up again nice and dry no sign
of water contamination the oil sales
they're selling cheap decide what you
want to do yourself penalty it and use
it or just use it for parts in fact I'm
not confident of driving it back and it
drives beautiful all the gays the clutch
works perfectly doesn't overheat
for a small fee I will do the nationwide
delivery he'll let me train ticket back